# 1. A review of swarm robotics tasks

### **Why we need/want swarm robotics:** (p.292)
The capabilities of a single robot (such as sensing, communication and computation capabilities) are limited compared to the difficulty of the collective task. Interactions between swarm members are distributed and do not rely on coordination mechanisms that would hinder scalability.

The expression “swarm intelligence”, which is now widely used in the field of swarm robotics, refers to the superior capabilities of a swarm of agents compared to its single individuals.

### **Disadvantage**:
It is often difficult to design the individual robot behavior so that the global performance is maximized. Robots often have a limited and noisy perception of the environment and of the progression of a global task. The distributed nature of the problem makes it difficult to relate individual behavior to global performance. (p.293)

### **Implementation approaches**:
Simulation: virtual environment in which robot capabilities (sensors and actuators) and interactions are simulated by a computer program, allows assessing the performance of a robot swarm with repeated runs of an experiment and facilitates algorithm optimization with a trial-and-error approach. (p.293)

### **Navigation:**
Each robot in a swarm has a limited knowledge of the local environment in which it operates, so the key to a successful strategy in a multi-robot scenario is sharing knowledge between robots. Such knowledge usually consists of an estimate of the distance to the target, which can be expressed as Euclidean distance. (p.306)

### **Collaborative Manipulation:**
In some instances, the task at hand cannot be executed by any single individual, but requires cooperation between multiple individuals. (p.311)

The rate of successful task execution thus depends on various factors such as robot and object density in the arena. (p.312)

**IMPORTANT**
Collective Decision-making: the swarm dynamics leads to a group of robots to converge to a unanimous decision, when the different options available to each robot are associated to different rewards.
Different implementations:
- A mechanism for decision-making based on the majority rule opinion formation model, where robots agree on a common decision by applying a local majority rule to small groups.
- Robots entering an observation state, where they exchange their current preferred action, after each action execution.
- Robots that must agree on a site selection transmit their preference to neighboring robots. (p.316)