# 2. A Review of Probabilistic Macroscopic Models for Swarm Robotic Systems

Collective (or macroscopic) behavior emerges from individual (or microscopic) decisions robots make. These decisions are based on purely local information that comes from other robots as well as the environment.

Reactive control: robots decide about future actions based solely on input from sensors (including communication with other robots) and the action they are currently executing. Such robots can be represented as stochastic Markov processes. An equation, known as the Rate Equation, describes the dynamics of their collective behavior. (p.2)

### **Microscopic model:**
Microscopic descriptions treat the robot as the fundamental unit of the model. These models describe the robot’s interactions with other robots and the environment. Solving or simulating a system composed of many such agents gives researchers an understanding of the global behavior of the system. (p.3)

### **Macroscopic model:**
Directly describes the collective behavior of the robotic swarm. It is computationally efficient because it uses fewer variables. Rather than account for the inherent variability of individuals, scientists model the behavior of some average quantity that represents the system they are studying.

Such models do not reproduce the results of a single experiment — rather, the behavior of some observable averaged over many experiments or observations. (p.3)

### **Stochastic approach:**
A robot will interact with other robots whose exact trajectories are equally complex, making it impossible to know which robots will come in contact with one another. In summary, the behavior of robots in a swarm is so complex, it is best described probabilistically, as a stochastic process. (p.3)

Transitions between states are triggered by external stimuli. This robot can be described as a stochastic Markov process and a state diagram as the Finite State Automaton (FSA) of the controller. A Markov process’s future state depends only on its present state and none of the past states. (p.4)

### **Rate equation:**
Let `p(n, t)` be the probability a robot is in state `n` at time `t`. Change in probability density `∆p(n, t) = p(n, t + ∆t) − p(n, t)`. The quantity `p(n, t)` also describes a macroscopic variable — the fraction of robots in state `n`. `Nn(t)` is the average number of robots in state `n` at time `t`. (p.4)

The number of robots in state `n` will increase in time due to transitions to state `n` from other states, and it will decrease in time due to the transitions from state `n` to other states. Rate Equations are deterministic. In stochastic systems however, they describe the dynamics of average quantities. In a small system, the experiment may be repeated many times to average out the effect of fluctuations. (p.5)

### **Model construction:¨**
To facilitate the analysis, we begin by drawing the macroscopic state diagram of the system. "The collective behavior of the swarm is captured by an FSA that is functionally identical to the individual robot FSA, except that each state of the automaton now represents the number of robots executing that action". (p.5)

The state transition is triggered by some stimulus — be it another robot in a particular state, an object to be picked up, etc. In order to compute the transition rates, we assume, for simplicity, that robots and stimuli are uniformly distributed. The transition rates then have the following form: `W(n|n) ≈ M`, where M is the environmental stimulus encountered. The transition rates can be calculated from first principles, or left as parameters of the model. (p.5)

Interference is a critical issue in swarm robotics, in particular in foraging experiments where there is a spatial bottleneck at the predefined “home” region where the collected objects must be delivered. When two robots find themselves within sensing distance of one another, they will execute obstacle avoidance maneuvers. Because this behavior takes time, interference decreases robots’ efficiency. (p.7)

### **Discussion:**
In order to construct a description of the behavior of a swarm, we do not need to know the exact trajectories of every robot; instead, we derive a model that governs the dynamics of the aggregate, or average, swarm behavior. First, we assume that robot’s actions are largely independent of one another (dilute limit), and the transition rates can be represented by aggregate quantities that are spatially uniform and independent of individual robots or their trajectories. (p.8)

### **Conclusion:**
The behavior of each robot is inherently probabilistic in nature and often not completely predictable, and its future state depends only on its present state. Rate Equations describe how the average collective system properties change in time. (p.9)