# 3. Swarm robotics: a review from the swarm engineering perspective

## Design

### **Behavior-based design method:**
Still no formal or precise ways to design individual level behaviors that produce the desired collective behavior. The intuition of the human designer is still the main ingredient. In an iterative way, the individual behavior of each robot is implemented, studied, and improved until the desired collective behavior is obtained. (p.4)

Usually a trial and error process: individual behaviors are iteratively adjusted and tuned until the resulting collective behavior is obtained. (p.5)

### **Probabilistic finite state machine design:**
Does not plan its future actions, but it takes decisions only on the basis of its sensory inputs and/or its internal memory. The transition probability between states is fixed when a single probability value is defined and used throughout the execution of the collective behavior. The transition probability is not fixed when it is defined through a mathematical function (response threshold function) of one or more parameters of the system. (p.5)

## Analysis

### **Macroscopic:**
The individual elements of the systems are not taken into account in favor of a description of the system at a higher level. At least two main categories. (p.10)

### **Rate and differential equations:**
Rate equations describe the time evolution of the proportion of robots in a particular state over the total number of robots. They can be used to derive a macroscopic model of a collective behavior, starting from an individual-level PFSM. First, a set of variables is defined. Usually, one variable is defined for each state and used to track the proportion of the robots in the corresponding states. Second, for each variable, an (rate) equation is defined. The rate equation contains a set of parameters, one for each input and output transition of the corresponding state. The main advantage of the rate equation approach is that it is a systematic method to translate microscopic models into macroscopic models. Its main limit is that, in general, it is difficult to model space and time: robots’ positions in space are not explicitly modeled and discrete time is usually assumed. (p.11)

### **Real-robot analysis:**
It is practically unfeasible to simulate all the aspects of reality using simulations. Experiments with real robots help to test the robustness of swarm robotics systems that have noisy sensors and actuators. The experiments are performed in controlled environments. By controlled environments we mean artificial arenas in which most conditions—e.g., light intensity, radio interference and floor smoothness—can be controlled by the experimenter. This is often very far from the scenarios in which swarm robotics systems are supposed to operate. It would help to clarify possible differences between the model and the real-robot system. (p.14)

## Navigation behaviors
Behaviors that cope with the problem of coordinating the movements of a swarm of robots. (p.21)

### **Collective exploration:**
The goal of area coverage is to deploy robots in an environment in order to create a regular or irregular grid of communicating robots. The obtained grid can be employed, for example, to monitor the environment for hazardous leaks. (p.21)

## Collective decision-making
**IMPORTANT**
Deals with how robots influence each other when making choices. It can be used to answer two opposite needs: agreement and specialization. A typical example of agreement in swarm robotics systems is consensus achievement. The desired outcome of consensus achievement is that all the robots of the swarm eventually converge towards a single decision among the possible alternatives. (p.26)

### **Consensus achievement:**
A collective behavior used to allow a swarm of robots to reach consensus on one choice among different alternatives. The choice is usually the one that maximize the performance of the system. Consensus is generally difficult to achieve in swarm of robots due to the fact that very often the best choice may change over time or may not be evident to the robots due to their limited sensing capabilities. (p.26)

A strategy for consensus achievement through direct communication in a swarm of robots performing foraging. The robots are able to decide between two foraging areas. When two robots get close, they exchange their measured distances between the nest and the latest visited goal. Each robot performs an average of its measured distance with the one received from the other robots. In this way, the robots are able to agree on which area is the closest to the nest and discard the other one even when the measured distances are noisy. (p.27)

When a robot finds a new alternative, it evaluates its quality. (p.27)