# 5. A Design Pattern for Decentralised Decision-making

For distributed systems, design patterns prescribe the individual-level microscopic behavior required to obtain desired system-level macroscopic properties. (p.2)

A best-of-n decision problem, that is, the choice of the best option among `n` different alternatives. Each option `i` is characterised by a quality `v_i`. We have a population `A` of `N` agents where each agent `a_g` is either committed to one of the available options `i` and belongs to the sub-population `A_i` of `N_i` agents and thus fraction `W_i = N_i/N` of the entire population, or is uncommitted and belongs to sub-population `U` with `N_U` agents and thus fraction `W_U = N_U/N` of the entire population. 

### **Cross inhibition:**
Agents can obtain a noisy estimate `^v_i` of the quality associated to option `i`. At the macroscopic level, a decision is taken as soon as the entire population, or a large fraction `W_q` (quorum) is committed to a single option. A macroscopic model that accounts for the system meanfield dynamics, and that describes the decision process at the population level. A microscopic model in the form of a probabilistic finite state machine (PFSM) to describe the behavior of the individual agent that changes its commitment state in response to probabilistic events. (p.2)

### **Macroscopic model:**
We can identify at least 4 processes:
- uncommitted agents spontaneously discover option `i` at rate `γ_i`.
- agents committed to option `i` spontaneously abandon commitment at rate `α_i`.
- agents committed to option `i` recruit uncommitted agents at rate `ρ_i`.
- cross inhibition: agents committed to option `j != i` inhibit agents committed to option `i` at rate `σ_j`. A committed agent that receives an inhibitory signal stops recruiting and reverts to the uncommitted state, becoming available for discovery or recruitment by other agents, which breaks decision deadlocks in case of equal-best options. (p.3)

This leads to the following equations:
- `W_i = γ_i*W_U - α_i*W_i + ρ_i*W_i*W_U - SUM(j!=i){σ_j*W_i*W_j}`
- `W_U = 1 - SUM(i){W_i}`

Here, the variation of `W_i` is determined by the four processes described above. All four transition rates are functions of the quality `v_i`:
- `γ_i = f_γ(v_i)`
- `α_i = f_α(v_i)`
- `ρ_i = f_ρ(v_i)`
- `σ_j = f_σ(v_i)`

### **Microscopic model:**
The behavior of individual agents is represented by the probabilistic finite state machine (PFSM) shown in (zie figuur artikel) that describes the commitment dynamics. An agent can be either uncommitted (state `C_U`) or committed to option `i` (state `C_i`), and probabilistically changes state every `τ` seconds according to two types of transitions: spontaneous and interactive. (p.3)

Spontaneous transitions model the discovery of option `i` with probability `P_γ(v_i)` and the abandonment of commitment to option `i` with probability `P_α(v_i)`. (p.3)

Interactive transitions model the recruitment and cross-inhibition processes resulting from the interaction between agents belonging to different populations. The probability of any agent interacting with an agent committed to option `i` as `P_W_i = N_i/N`. Recruitment for option `i` is modelled by a transition from `W_U` to `W_i` with overall probability `P_W_i*P_ρ(v_i)`. Cross-inhibition of an agent committed to option `i` is instead modelled as the cumulative effect of the interaction with agents committed to a different option, with overall probability `SUM(j!=i){P_W_i*P_σ(v_j)}`. Zie tekening voor visuele representatie. (p.3)

### **Micro-macro link:**
In the homogeneous case, all agents compute their transition probabilities in the same way as a function of the estimated quality `^v_i`. `P_λ,g` represents the actual probability for the agent `a_g` to undergo one of the four transitions `λ`, thus `P_λ,g(^v_i) = λ_i*τ = f_λ(^v_i)*τ`. Hence, a principled choice of the individual transition probabilities can be made to obtain the desired macroscopic dynamics as defined in the last section of 'Macroscopic model'. (p.4)

In the heterogeneous case, each agent computes its own transition probabilities differently from other agents. A simple response threshold scheme, so that agent `a_g` follows a transition with a fixed probability if the (estimated) option quality `^v_i` exceeds a given threshold `δ_g`. `P_λ,g` grows with amount `P_λ_u` and shrinks with amount `P_λ_d` which are tunable parameters. The threshold is drawn for each agent from a probability distribution `D_λ` through the cumulative distribution function `F_D_λ` (zie artikel voor formule). This leads to `P_λ_u = f_λ(v_M)*τ` and `P_λ_d = f_λ(v_m)*τ` for `v_M` being the upper bound of the distribution and `v_m` being the lower bound. Each agent re-samples the threshold from the distribution at every decision step. (p.4)

### **Latent and interactive agents:**
Agents might not be able to interact with neighbors every `τ` seconds. For instance, an agent might be busy estimating the quality of a discovered option, or spatial/topological factors might prevent frequent interactions. Agents unable to interact are latent, as opposed to interactive ones (zie opnieuw figuur voor transities tussen deze 2 soorten). An agent becomes latent with probability `P_L`, and returns interactive with probability `P_I`. A fraction of `n_I = P_I/(P_I + P_L)` agents can be found in the interactive state. A fraction of `n_L = P_L/(P_I + P_L)` agents can be found in the latent state. The activity switch is possible for both committed and uncommitted agents, leading to a PFSM description with `2(n + 1)` states (zie figuur). Recruitment and cross-inhibition are available only to interactive agents, while discovery and abandonment are available also to latent agents. Given the microscopic description, it is possible to derive the correspondence between micro and macro parameters by dividing the macroscopic transition rates by `n_I` or `n_L` (zie artikel voor welke formules dit geldt). (p.5)

### **Metrics:**
Whenever time is required to gather sufficient information, decision-making gives rise to speed-accuracy tradeoffs. In collective decision-making, a high coherence of the group is also important, as it can minimise the costs for conflicting choices by individuals. As maintaining coherence is a time-consuming process that requires to spread information widely within the group, speed-cohesion tradeoffs may also appear. (p.6)

Accuracy can be defined as the proportion of the group that is committed to the best option, or to any of the equal-best options. Cohesion measures the ability of the group to be committed to the same option, notwithstanding its quality. (p.6)

Resolution `R`: the ability to discriminate between different-quality options, and is related to the normalised quality difference between any two options `A` and `B`. `R = |V_A - V_B| / max(V_A,V_B)`.  By requiring a target resolution, the designer can focus on maximising accuracy only in those portions of the problem space that are above resolution, and just require that any solution is chosen below the given resolution threshold. (p.6)

Effectivity `E`: the ability of the group to take a decision within the maximum execution time `T`, measured as the fraction of runs that reach the quorum within the given time limit. Effectivity is related to the coherence of decision-making, as it measures the ability to take a decision (i.e., reach the predefined quorum) within the maximum allotted time, notwithstanding the quality of the chosen option. (p.6)

Success rate `S`: the fraction of effective runs resulting in a correct decision (the quorum is reached for the best option) when starting from a fully-uncommitted population. Exit probability in stochastic processes. (p.6)

Convergence time `C`: the average time required to reach the quorum computed over all effective runs. Exit time of stochastic processes. (p.6)

### **Multiagent simulations on fully-connected networks:**
At simulation start, each agent estimates the quality of all available options and on that basis computes its own transition probabilities. In the homogeneous case, these are computed in the same way for each agent according to the desired parameterisation. In the heterogeneous case, each agent draws a random threshold from the random distribution and computes the transition probabilities. The simulation proceeds in discrete time steps. At each time step, every agent updates its state following the PFSM. Interactive transitions depend on the interaction with a randomly selected partner, who shares its own commitment state and probabilities of recruitment and cross-inhibition. The populationdependent probabilities are estimated by randomly choosing a different agent as partner at each time step and checking its state: transitions are activated if the selected partner is committed to some option. The probability of recruitment and of cross-inhibition are received from the selected partner, otherwise they are null. In this way, the agent has complete information to update its commitment state. (p.12)